Postcard - Data views updates (#586)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/add-organize-data/organize-data/data-views/data-views.md

1. Click **Standard** or **Narrow** to enter the general shape of the data display.

1. In the `Query ID` field in the center pane, enter a name for *Query1* in the **Query ID** field, or accept the default name.

1. In the `Query Type` section, select **Streams** or **Assets** to indicate which objects you want this query to search.

   **Note**: Assets are available for use through specific licensing only. If you are interested in using Assets, contact your account team for more details.

1. In the `Search` field of the `Query Value` section, type a portion of the name of any known stream or asset preceded or followed by the * wildcard symbol, and then click the `Search` button.<br>The query results populate and the `Index Configuration` pane displays.

   **Note**: If you have created a metadata rule in the same namespace, you can enter a selected metadata key instead of a stream name in the `Search` field to select a more specific set of streams.

1. Select any stream in the query results to display the individual data fields of the stream in the `Data Item Details` pane.

>    **Note**: You can click the **Add Query** button to create as addtional queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Add** button to add additional queries.
```

>    **Note**: You can click the **Add Query** button to create as addtional queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Add** button to add additional data fields to the query.
```

1. Click **Save** to accept the query results as the basis of the new data view.<br>The `Field filter` pane displays.

1. The **Index field** and **Grouping fields** selections are set by default. In the **Identifying field** section of the `Field filter` pane, select each data field to use as an identifying field.

1. In the `Generate Preview` pane, click the **Auto Refresh** toggle button to enable or disable auto refresh. With auto refresh enabled, changes to any of the streams included in the data view is immediately reflected in the data view.

1. **Optional:** Click the **Generate preview** button to generate a preview of the data view with the selected settings.

1. Click the **Items per page** dropdown list to select the number of items to be displayed per page in the data view.

1. Click the **Interpolated/Stored** dropdown list and select **Interpolated** or **Stored** for the data view.

1. Click the date and time display to set the **Start Index** and **End Index** to enter the time period of the data to include in the data view. For interpolated data views, enter a `Time Interval`.

1. Click **Apply** to accept the index configuration changes.

> 1. Click the **View in API Console** button to display basic parameters of the data view in the API console.

Reviewer 2: Again, I think you can omit this step. Viewing the API console doesn't affect user outcome when creating a data view. Information about the API console in relation to data views might be better as a stand-alone task.

```suggestion
```
